   Start New Game
   Load Saved Game
   Settings
      
    Start New Game brings you to the following prompts:
      
     Village Name (whatever you want, randomize)
      
     Coat of Arms (select shield pattern, 2 color boxes, randomize)
      
      Then:
      
     (  village name  ) is known for the following (pick 2):
      
     Market Hogs
      Copious pork at little cost (3x Food).  Pigs will eat almost anything but you may need to purchase feed sometimes.
      Sell surplus cuts at Market.
      Increased Large Beast encounters
      
     Goats & Sheep
      Steady amounts of cheese and meat (1.5x Food) - and you needn’t worry about feed.
      Excess wool can be sold at Market
      Occasional brush clearing for hire
      Increased Large Beast encounters
      
     Poultry
      A moderate source of food (0.75x Food) and a constant supply of feathers
      Sell feathers at Market
      Archers (& arrows) are cheaper
      Increased Small Beast encounters
      
     Fruit Orchards
      Provides a little food (0.25x Food)
      Cider and Jam can be sold at market
      Roughage can be sold for hog feed
      
     Herb Gardening
      Medicinal packs are free
      Herbs are sold consistently at Market
      Mages are cheaper
      
     Cattle Pastures (requires pastureland)
      Plenty of Beef (2x Food)
      Sell Butter, Cheese, Surplus Beef & Oxen at Market
      Yeomen are cheaper
      
     Horse Breeding (requires pastureland)
      Sell Breeding services
      Sell Steeds, Sumpters, will need to purchase feed
      Knights are cheaper
      
     Barley Fields (requires open fields)
      Make & sell Ale
      Sell Livestock Feed
      
     Grape Vineyards (requires open fields)
      Make & sell Wine
      Sell Hog Feed
      
     Forestry (requires woods)
      Sell Lumber
      Axe-fighting bonus
      Build outposts cheaper
      Increased monster encounters
      
     Stone Masonry (requires mountains)
      Can Build Castles and Walls
      can find gemstones!
      May bother underworld
      
     Fishing (requires water access)
      Pull meals from the water (0.5x Food), sell oil
      Boating is cheaper
      Increased Water monster encounters
      
      I imagine each of the professions providing random income every so often, and providing some bonuses as the game progresses.  Don’t care too much about balancing these out, just want to make them entertaining.  These are mostly pre & post-battle bonuses, narrative flairs.  Anyway, clicking on a region of the Map will bring up a list of available vocations (2 of which you can pick).
      
      THE MAP will be a new piece of art I make, depicting an area nowhere near as big as Middle Earth, with rivers and mountains and forests and a coast.  We’ll have pre-determined regions to choose from, each with its own name.  You select one to live in. (This map will come into play later & is the only map we need to worry about).
      
   CUT TO…
      
      Your Village!
